[EXTERMINATION AND PREVENTION SITE]
What is it?
are you going to take all my produce now?
No. it's not like that.
currently the site over there is having a leak.
it's nothing serious.
still. you are decontaminating.
if this time you are taking my produce again..then I'm going to get really angry.
Don't worry this time. you can go on now.
go ahead
leak. what exactly kind of leak do they mean?
I really can't trust those people's words
Come on
Oh come on
what a bad luck
TRAIN TO BUSAN
Director.
Right now. with the exception of our company.
the other company's stocks are falling.
We can't really say for sure
if it will stay like that.
So why not go ahead..
Yes.
I will do that..
No. it's not like that.
if it still bothers you..
Yes.
Until then. look forward to the results.
Please take care!
Mr kim. Please come into my office.
[Social] Fishery in Jinyang is under suspicion.
What should we do?
Secure all of our assets in the stock market.
all of them?
Yes
Isn't it too risky to do that?
we could still maintain our first asset.
And find something better...
Mr. Kim...
Yes.
You just do what I tell you to do.
We must be careful of the possibility that can happen from this point on.
Okay..
Wait a minute Mr. Kim
What's the popular gift for kids nowadays?
Forget it. we both have our circumstances.
so let's not force ourselves.
circumstances or what..that's your business
but I wil be the one to take care of su an.
what do you mean you will take care of her?
Did you even take some time to talk with her?
Soo an said she will be coming here by herself.
Did you know that?
What are you saying?
you really..
she is not going alone anywhere..
Then you should just bring her here.
She said she misses me..
tomorrow can't do..
You know that it's her birthday tomorrow right?
I know!
Dinner?
I had it..
Where is soo an?
She's in her room playing..
I can go by myself..
why? it's fine because you can pick me up there . mom
-Im gonna hang up the phone now.
It's okay you can keep talking to her.
- I already hung-up.
You told your mother that you want to go to Busan?
su an. I have a lot of works these days.
After that. I think it will be okay.
So Su-an. can you understand?
here
You thought I forgot?
Happy birthday.
why. open it.
Why. you don't like it?
- this.. on last children's day too.
Well. if you want something else..just tell me.
- Busan
- I want to go to mom at Busan..
tomorrow.
I told you earlier..
when I have time
then...
No...
Tomorrow..
you always say we'll go next time
but it turned out to be a lie
I will not be taking your time
I can go by myself.
Are you busy these days?
just like the usual.
Are you going to Busan tomorrow with soo an?
Yes.
You did good.
this time when you go there..
go meet with Na young.. and have a meal with her..
and do well this time
you should not break up easily like that
think about su an..
Mom...
I will deal with it.
you don't have to interfere..
Yeah..
you are an adult. you know how to deal with it.
when you did not come to su an's recital..
she was really sad..
it really matters..for su an too.
it's okay..
it's okay su an
Applause for Su-an!
Mom. okay mom.
No. dad is with me.
-yes.. see you later
I saw your singing yesterday..
when did you watch it? You weren't there.
Even if you don't see me I can still watch you and know what you are doing..
you didn't finish the song .right?
- I'm right. aren't I?
- yes
why did you do that? you should have finish it
I'll tell you. you should finish what you have started
and those who couldn't finish..
Ahh.. That suprised me
What was that.. at this early too
Soo-an. are you okay? you must be surprised
that really scared me
Su an. I guess there must be something happening there.
(CENTRAL STATION)
All departing passengers. kindly board the train now
as this train is now ready to depart for Busan.
Excuse me. where is the south station?
- Ah. South station. you need to that way..
Thank you.
miss hae young..
- Yes?
- Your scarf.
it's not right
okay everyone please remain seated on your seats
okay.
oh. it's Jin hee!
what's going on?
Don't you guys have a tournament?
I'm coming too.
-thank goodness
you guys just do your things
yes...
Hi jin hee!
what are you listening to?
Hey. go find another seat okay.
there's not even anything interesting...
Hey. if you like me. then you can
Just say "Thank you".
and accept your fate..
that's right... it is fate
Accept her. Accept her.
Here. eat this.
Aigoo...
When did you buy that egg.
it's such a bother to eat that.
put it away.
- just Eat it.
- No. I don't want.
- Chief. Are you already in the train?
- Yes. but why?
The lines were busy since early this morning.
The Ansan plant leak last night
got everyone frantic.
really?
first try and see what you can do.
we'll discuss it further next time
- I'll call you back later
- okay.
- I'm so sorry.
- I'm so sorry..
Please forgive me.
I'm so sorry.
- Excuse me.
- Yes?
- Are you the one in charge?
- Yes.
I've seen a suspicious passenger
Where is the passenger?
inside the lavatory.
it's been a while since then
- really? lets see..
Ahh. I apologize Mr.
I will check on it.
Passenger? Passenger?
- Everyone is dead.
- Mister. mister..
- I'm sorry. but may I see your ticket?
- Everyone is dead.
- Mister. if you don't have a ticket
we need to drop you off on the next station.
- Everyone is dead.
- Hey Kid. If you don't study well.
You'll end up like him.
My mother told me the one who said that is the bad person.
then your mother must not had studied hard then.
In a hurry?
We'll. you'll need to find another place
because it will take a while.
You could use the other comfort room.
Go there.
go
It will really take a while.
honey? how are you doing down there?
Ahh.. Sorry. go ahead. take your time... take your time...
go there. go there...
she's gone. she's gone...
relax... relax...
Miss? Miss. are you okay?
Miss? oh what to do..
An Emergency in car 11!
Chief!
- Hello?
- Yes. Kim?
It's more serious than we anticipated.
It's not just because of the Ansan incident last night.
I don't know what's happening. but it's not a simple riot.
Military deployed to Control Riots (Text on screen)
They say it's nationwide
- What about breathing?
- Hello?
But her seizure is uncontrollable!
Sir. what should we do?
I'll call you back.
Indiscriminate Violence at Riot (Text on screen)
Oh no. they'll get hurt.
That's terrible.
People nowadays will riot over anything
In the old days. they'd be re-educated.
You mustn't say that.
Look. look.
What's up with them?
Miss?
What do I do..
Chief? Chief where are you?
I don't believe this...
Chief?
Min Ji? Min Ji?
What is that? What is happening.
What is this?
Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me.
Hurry! Everyone Run!
Stand up!
(PANTING)
Conductor! We have a situation here!
(KNOCKS)
Run! Run!
- Oh my God!
- What in the Hell!?
Get away! Just go!
Get out of here! Head for the back!
Get up! Hurry!
Daddy!
Baby?
Sang-hwa! So damn loud!
Sorry. the thing is...
- Get off me!
You idiot! Go help her!
- Hey!
What's with you?!
Have you gone mad?!
Baby?
Sung-Kyung!
You can run. right?
(Massive Violence. Increasing Casualties)
Get Away!
Close the door! The door!
Shut the door!
Quick!
Shut it!
Shut it now!
Just shut it!!!
I know her!
Where's the lock?
Buddy. how do I lock this?
Do you hear me?
Let it go
What?
I don't think they know how to open.
They attack because they see us.
What in the...
What are they?
Su-an. you okay?
Hey mister.
What is it?
Don't you have something to say to me?
What do you mean?
Look at this jerk
We are running towards here and you shut the door
have you gone insane?!
watch what you say!
you are not the only one in danger here!
I can't believe there's this kind of jerk
Come here.
I'll feed you to them! come!
Stop it!
It's because everyone is scared.
- Attention please!
- Due to our current situation.
we won't be stopping in Cheonan.
- For your safety. please stay in your seats.
Hello. anyone there?
- Yes. go ahead
Do you even know what's going on back here?
Why aren't you stopping at Cheonan?
We're aware. sir
- This is the order from the control center.
- Please be seated.
That's nonsense! People are going rabid!
Stop in Cheonan. got it?!
Excuse me.
I'm really sorry but could she sit down?
She's pregnant.
- Okay
Sit. sit.
Thank you.
(Mother)
Mom
- Are you on your way?
Yes. we're en route.
Where are you? Why is it so loud?
- What's happening you say? Everyone's fighting.
- Are you and Su-an okay?
Why're you breathing like that. are you hurt?
- Seok-woo. my baby.
- Please take care of Su-an
Mom. you okay?
- My dear Su-an...
- I love her so much. but she only wants her mom...
- That bitch!
Mom?
- Dad!
- Is granny okay?
What the hell?
Su an. sit down.
My fellow citizens
we're currently experiencing violent riots in all major cities.
resulting in many civilian and police injuries.
Riots led to shutting down of various districts.
and the rioters have forcibly attempted to destroy
or take government property.
For this reason. we're entering state of emergency.
the country are trying to find the best solutions to overcome these situations.
Thanks to our government's fast actions.
various outbreaks are being contained
Fellow citizens.
please refrain from reacting to baseless rumors.
and stay in your homes for safety. (KEY WORD: ZOMBIES)
We must stay calm and trust the government.
in order to overcome such obstacle.
We believe that your safety is not in jeopardy
- Asistant Manager Kim
Mommy's phone is off.
- excuse me. let's move faster!
Su-an. sit over here.
Don't worry. I'll give her a call.
Jong-gil. come sit down.
- You're older. you sit down
Im fine. take it.
- Honey. let's sit over there.
ma'am. take my seat.
- I'm okay. - No. please sit.
Child
Would you like to eat this?
- Thank you!
What a great kid.
If you are going to go.
just keep walking
Su-an. you didn't have to do that.
- Do what?
- Being good.
At a time like this. only watch out for yourself.
-understand?
Answer me.
Grandma always had knee aches.
Su an...
May I have you attention please
our train will conclude service at Daejeon station
Military is deployed there. and will secure our train.
so once we arrive. please exit the train.
I repeat.
DAEJEON STATION is our last stop.
Which cities can be entered?
Yeosu. Uljin. Busan. What about Daejeon?
Excuse me. I need to use the bathroom.
What about Daejeon?
Why not?!
Su an. wait here for a moment.
Hey. kiddo.
- Yes?
Who is he? Your dad?
- Yes
Real dad? - Yes.
I'm just asking.
What does he do?
- He's a fund manager.
Fund manager? - Yes
He's a bloodsucker.
He leaches off others.
- Yoon Sang Hwa! Don't say that in front of her.
It's okay
That's what everyone thinks.
- Want some?
- It's what Sleepy eats.
- This is Sleepy. Say hello.
The baby name is Sleepy?
- No.just the fetus name.
- It's like a nickname.
- Her daddy too lazy to come up with a name yet.
Touch her belly.
- Right here.
- Go on.
- Felt it?
I made that.
- crazy...
- But it's true. No?
(Captain Min)
Mr. Suh. I am in a bad situations.
you have to call me later
-Wait. Wait!
Let me ask you something.
What?
I'm on KTX to Daejeon.
KTX? the one that was to forced to stop?
Yes. so you knew already.
Is it true military is deployed in Daejeon?
Yes. that's correct.
Is that so? It must be safe there.
Well... It's...
It is safe. right?
Once you arrive. you'll be quarantined. I'm sorry.
What?
I'm with my daughter.
Can you help me and my daughter?
But the thing is...
I'll get pay you back later. do me a favor.
Don't go to the main square. come to the East one.
I'll let my men know.
Okay. thank you. Thanks so much.
All dead... All dead...
What's going on?
So quiet.
Is it Daejeon?
There's nobody.
Why isn't anyone here?
What's going on back there?
This is that violent incident i told you about.
- You're the conductor?
- Yes.
How many can fit in the engine car?
We must uncouple it and go to Busan.
- Uncouple?
- Yes!
- We can't!
- Why not?!
It can't be done here.
Then. where's the Military?
Right...
I only received a report about it...
- Where's my business card...
- I'm CEO of Stallion Express.
- all routes into Daejeon are cut off.
- our busses are all rerouted
But what for?
The City's been quarantined!
They probably won't let us in.
But Busan is still open. let's go there!
- Wait. if that's true...
- We just take others.
- Take Who?!
- Let's check the station first.
Hey!
Dammit!
RESTRICTED AREA
Don't mind them
Come on su an.
Where are we going?
We're going this way.
- Just us?
- Yes. Let's go.
What is it?
I'm going this way too.
Main square is that way. just follow other people.
I'm gonna come with you.
I heard your phone call.
About pulling you two out.
I know others will be quarantined.
It's not true. Su-an.
I'll go tell the others.
- You don't have to.
- Of course I do!
Forget them! We're all on our own!
You only care about yourself.
That's why mommy left.
Sweetie...
Here! Over here!
Please help!
Su an. stay right here.
God dammit!
Hold on!
Go back up! Go! Go!
Mr. Min
- Mr. Suh!</i
- I'm in Daejeon
Is everything okay there? I can't contact my men!
- Mr. Suh! - I'm in Daejeon
Is everything okay there?
I can't contact my men!
What? Is everything okay there?
What?
Hello?
Help me...
Come on! Hurry!
Hurry up! Quick!
Take this!
Run! Come on!
Asshole! Come on!
Faster!
Hold them off!
- Over here! Run!
- This way! Hurry!
Here!
This way!
Come on!
Hurry!
Why aren't we leaving yet?!
There are still more people!
Hurry up!
Come this way!
Hurry!
Faster! Here!
Granny!
Please get up!
No. stop!
My sister!
Hop on!
Me too!
Let me in!
Please!
How much longer? We have to leave!
No! my friends aren't here yet!
Those onboard must survive!
Ain't I right?
Conductor.
Please... depart.
Run! let's go!
Look. the train!
Run faster!
Snap out of it. idiot!
Watch out!
Control. 101 could not dock
at Daejeon due to outbreak.
Advise which station is
available to dock. over.
101. due to unstable comm.
it is difficult to advise.
Control. is 101 clear to reach Busan? Over.
101. we'll clear your route to Busan.
Control center. out.
Advise when you make contact with Busan.
101. out.
Attention everyone.
For those safety of those on board.
we won't be making any stops.
and head straight for Busan.
Conductor. can you hear me?
Go ahead.
Were you able to contact Busan?
No. the communication is erratic.
Full speed. no matter what!
Or we won't get in. understand?
Young-guk. where are you?
I thought you were dead!
I'm sorry!
No one else made it!
I'm sorry.
- honey? - Mister!
Huh? Why are you answering? Where are you?
We're in the train washroom!
Washroom? which car?
Well... it's...
Car 13!
- Get your ass over here!
- Baby
is that su an? Is she okay?
Washroom in car 13.
Gonna pass through?
Let's say you got through and rescue them.
how will you come back?
In car 15.
people are gathered there.
Car 9
Only 4 cars away.
I'll lead.
you in the middle.
and you in the back.
Block anyone attacking from the rear.
I heard you're a fund manager.
Then you're an expert.
at leaving useless people behind.
Wait till we exit the tunnel.
Let's go.
Come on!
Let's go!
Move.
Out of the way.
They stopped once we
entered the tunnel. right?
Probably because of darkness.
Yeah. I think so too.
There are even more here.
What do we do now?
There's no way around it.
Let's go.
Give me your hand phone.
Why?
Get that out of my face.
hey. douche.
Felt good to see your kid? thanks to me?
Are you grateful or what?
Why is your ringtone so tacky?
What's wrong with it?
How do i change it?
Am i funny? You little rat?
How tall are you?
181cm.
10km away. at 300km/h...
What?
2 minutes. upcoming tunnel
will give us 2 minutes.
- Can we do it?
- We gotta.
If we miss this one.
there's another in 3km...
I bet you never get to
play with your daughter.
When she gets older.
she'll understand why you work so hard.
Dads get all the bad rep and no praise.
but it's all about sacrifice. right?
What's with that look? Did I sound cool?
People rescued. Heading over now.
My friend is coming here!
What did you say?
My friend from another car is coming over.
- Who's coming?
- My friend!
He was in car 9. and he
rescued some people.
Rescued?
From there to here. passing
through those monsters?
Without any injuries?
You sure they're not infected?
Are you damn sure?!
What do you mean?
Look. look at them.
At a moment like this.
no one knows what happened
to their families.
We don't even know if your
damn friends are infected!
and to allow them in here?!
I don't believe this.
Sir.
please say something.
They'll be here soon.
Sir!
Get over here.
One!
Two!
Run!
Jin-hee! Jin-hee!
Hurry the hell up!
Open up!
Hey! Open this door!
Jin-hee!
Open this door!
- Open up!
- Jin-hee. Jin-hee
Open it now!
It won't budge!
It can't open it!
Smash it!
Stand back!
Hurry up!
Dammit...
You stupid idiots!
Come on!
In-gil!
Young-guk!
Stand back!
Stay away!
Stay back. baby. Please go!
Buddy. hey!
Take her and leave.
You have to go!
I said go. you idiot!
I'm getting tired. please go.
Take care of her. okay?
I'll hold them off. just go!
I'm sorry...
We have to go. let's go!
Yoon Su-yun!
Our baby's name!
Got it?
Why did you do it?!
You bastard!
We could've save them!
Why?!
He's infected!
He's one of them!
This guy is infected!
His eyes! Look at his eyes!
He'll become one of them!
Do you all want to die?!
We must throw them out!
Those of you who just arrived.
I don't think you can stay with us.
Please move to the vestibule.
Just go!
Get out!
Get out now!
Hurry up!
Move!
Go!
Leave us!
Get the hell out!
Out now!
Hurry!
It'll be safer for you to stay here.
No. I don't want to stay.
I'm coming with you.
But...
Get the hell out!
What are you waiting for!
Okay. let's go.
Get out! Rest of you!
Get out!
Get out of here!
Let's go.
Tie it faster!
More ties! Neckties!
Shut up! I'm working on it!
Yun In-gil
Great name.
Always helping others instead of yourself.
Why did you live like that?
What was the point?
So stupid...
Shut up! Be quiet!
Stay in your seat!
What a load of shit.
Finish up and do the other side too.
Thank you for everything.
That woman...
Stop her!
Control. this is Busan-bound 101!
Requesting current
situation in Busan. over.
Control?!
Control!
It's your birthday...
Don't worry.
I'll take you to your mom no matter what.
Aren't you scared?
Of course I am.
I'm scared too.
I was so scared.
I thought I'd never see you again.
I practiced that song just for you.
That's why I couldn't sing.
Because I didn't see you.
Will you stay with me?
Ex-wife
The person you're calling is not available
Asistant manager Kim
Yes. Kim.
Have you arrived in Busan?
Not yet. where are you? Is it okay there?
Busan succeeded in initial defense.
What?
you sure? Where did you get that information?
Chief.
All of this started from YT BioTech..
It's our project!
that started all of this!
- Chief.
we have nothing to do with what happened right now.right?
We're only doing what was told. right?
Is this really my fault?
It's...
It's not your fault.
Thank you...
Mr Kim...
Attention please.
Due to a blockage on our track.
we have stopped at East Daegu Station.
We should either wait for the rescue team.
or we'll have to reach
Busan in another train.
As soon as I end this announcement.
I will find a working train and
put it on left most track.
What's going on?
I repeat. left most track.
If you're alive. please transfer safely.
Godspeed.
Will there be a rescue?
I heard that Busan is safe.
We have to move now.
Coast clear?
Yeah.
You go ahead.
We've got to find a way across.
What in the...
Over here!
No...
Oh no...
What now...
We have to move. come on!
Jin-hee. let's go!
Stand back!
Jin-hee!
This can't be...
I'm sorry...
Daddy! Wake up!
Daddy! Daddy!
What's going on?
Come on faster! Faster!
Dammit!
Help!
Sweetie. come here!
Su-an. Su-an!
Mister!
Sweetie!
Su-an. come here!
Mister...
Go! Hurry!
Come on!
Hurry!
Let's go!
Hurry! Hurry!
Daddy!
Mister.
Please bring me to Busan.
Please help me.
My mother is waiting for me.
Please bring me home. giving his address
Please save me.
You are already infected.
No. no. no. no...
Su-an come here. Sit here.
Listen to me...
Here is the throttle. the brakes.
When you need to stop
Pull the break
Su-an..
Look at me...
Su-an...
Listen to me.
You must stay with her. okay?
- Busan is still safe. that is why... that is why...
- Don't go!...
-Daddy don't go!... Come with us.
- Please don't leave me..
- Don't go...
- You should come with us.
- Please don't go...
- Please come with us. Don't go...
- Don't go...
- daddy!!!!...daddy!!!!...
- daddy!!!!...No don't go!...
I see something
Approaching 2 subjects at our location.
Looks like a woman and a child.
Are you able to verify the subjects?
It's so dark on the other side
I can't clearly see them
Cant clearly see the subjects. unable to verify.
Kill them.
(CHILD SINGING)
2 survivors approaching
THE END